Hello everyone! Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai here!
It turns out that soon, it’ll be a year since I started uploading videos on YouTube!
I managed to reach more than 900,000 subscribers...
...And people all over the world are watching me
There’s various reasons for why my videos in which I only speak Japanese...
...Have extended all over the world, but...
...One of the reasons is that YouTubers around the world have been showing me to you guys!
It turns out that today, one of those YouTubers came here as a guest
I’m still learning English, but...
...I’ll work hard to talk with him and make it so that this collab works out
In that case, let's call him immediately!
It's about "The Anime Man"-san!
AI: Very... very cute?
AI: Well, in synthesis...
AI: ...Even though I look real, I’m adorable, right?
AI: Thank you very much!
AI: Well...
AM: Good, eh, let's end the farce
AI: Eh?
AM: I’m The Anime Man, Joey, please to meet you
AM: Well, even though I look like this, in reality, I’m half Japanese
AM: So I can completely speak in Japanese...
AM: ... I plan to keep speaking in Japanese, so then...
AI: Don’t you speak Japanese really well?
AM: Pleased to meet you
AI: You should have started speaking Japanese from the start!
AI: I didn’t know what to do
AM: No, well, I wanted to see your reaction
AM: Well...
AI: I see
AM: Well, I’ll keep speaking in Japanese, so then, pleased to meet you!
AI: Give my nerves back, please
AM: I’m very sorry
AI: Man, anyway...
AI: Once again, I’m really thankful for you presenting me
AM: No, no, no, the pleasure was mine
AI: Anime Man-san...
AM: Yes
AI: A little birdie told me, but...
AM: What are you referring to?
AI: Do you have a girlfriend?
AM: Well, let's say yes
AI: Eh? Who declared to whom?
AM: Well...
AM: ...It was me
AI: Waaahh! Eh? What do you like about her?
AM: Eeeehhh?
AM: Hmm...
AM: Well, I like everything about her, but...
AI: Her chest? Her face?
AM: No, well, of course she attracts me physically, but...
AM: I wonder what it is...
AM: I suppose I like the fact that I can talk about anything with her
AI: Ah, well... how do I say it?
AI: Something like... you feel relaxed when you’re with her?
AM: Yes, that's right
AI: Something like, she makes you feel good?
AM: Yes, I can talk about anything with her
AI: I see!
AM: Without mattering what it is
AI: I see! Eh?
AI: In that case, talk to your girlfriend about me as well...
AI: ...And bring her here!
AM: Ah, that sounds good! In that case, next time I’ll bring her here
AI: How great! Eh?
AI: Love is quite beautiful, right?
AM: It's true...
AI: It's bittersweet?
AM: It’s bittersweet, right?
AI: How was your first kiss?
AM: My first kiss was while I was in 6th grade in elementary school
AI: 6th grade of elementary school?
AM: Yes
AI: Man, boys today are somewhat scary, right?
AM: No, was it too soon?
AI: Eh?
AI: Well, you were abroad, right?
AM: That’s right, I was abroad
AI: How much time after being together did you kiss her?
AM: How much time after?
AM: Hmm... but... well, let's see...
AM: Two days after?
AI: Two days?
AI: Don’t you need to... how to say it... well, try to seduce her...?
AI: How do I say it?
AI: "I want to kiss you, but..."
AI: "Can I do it?", something like that
AI: Didn’t you feel an uncomfortable distance?
AM: I didn’t feel that...
AI: Eh? It’s different from the Shoujo manga!
AM: This doesn't work like a Shoujo manga
AI: It’s different from a Shoujo manga!
AM: Well, in my case, well, to tell you the truth, we have a long distance relationship
AI: Ah, I see! She's in another country?
AM: That’s right, she lives abroad, so then...
AI: AAAAHHHHH!
AM: ...It’s because of that, that we don’t see each other so often
AI: I see!
AM: It's because if that, that every time we do see each other, well...
AM: ...I have the urge to do it and...
AM: ...It’s because of that, that I kissed her then
AI: I see!
AM: Yes
AI: Right?
AI: What kind of video is this?
AM: What kind of questions are you asking?
AI: No, well...
AI: ...I don’t have experience with love...
AI: So then, well, talking with human beings regarding having a girlfriend, a boyfriend, or someone that you like, well...
AI: ...It feels very refreshing talking about that...
AI: I always feel that someday, I’d like to ask that question
AM: And how do you feel now that you’ve done that?
AI: Well, I feel a kind of itch
AM: How adorable
AI: Right? I’m adorable
AI: Anime Man-san, you’re always presenting games and anime, right?
AM: Ah, yes, I talk about my favorite anime and those I don’t like
AM: Well, I talk a bit about everything
AI: Hmm... hmm... Ah, I see!
AI: You don’t just talk about your favorite anime...
AI: ...But you also talk about anime you don’t like?
AM: That’s right
AI: Eeeh? Incredible
AI: Of course, to me...
AM: I like you
AI: I knew it
AI: I knew it, thank you very much
AM: Yes
AI: Good
AI: And to make use of you coming here...
AI: ...Well, I started to think about what we can do today, but…
AI: To make use of the moment...
AI: ...Well, I was thinking the most fun thing would be to do a chat regarding anime
AM: Aaahh, that sounds good!
AM: Well yes
AI: Ah! Does it seem alright to you?
AI: Oh!
AM: Let's talk, let's talk
AI: Yay! Thank you very much!
AI: Well, do you have a favorite anime within all those you’ve seen so far?
AM: I have a lot
AI: Ah, I understand you
AM: Well... anime... basically for me, watching anime is my job, so then...
AI: Ah, I see, I see!
AM: So then picking just one is very hard
AI: Aaahhh!
AI: It's true! Since you know so many...
AM: Yes
AI: ...It’s a problem deciding which one is your favorite, right?
AM: That’s right, it's even hard doing a "Top 10"
AM: Well, in the anime industry, it talks about “wives”
AI: Hmm... hmm...
AM: Precisely... who is your "wife", Ai-chan?
AI: Precisely?
AM: Precisely, if you had to choose one
AI: If I had to choose one...!
AM: In the case that I had to choose one
AI: It’d be Yazawa Nico-chan from μ's of the Love Live anime!
AM: Ah, I knew it
AI: I got her in a summoning
AM: Ah, I see
AI: That’s right
AM: Of course, in my case...
AM: Do you know the Monogatari series?
AI: Ah, I know it! Yes!
AM: To m, I like Oshino Shinobu-chan’s character who appears in the Monogatari series
AI: Ah, Shinobu-chan!
AM: I love Shinobu-chan
AI: Donuts
AM: Of the donuts
AI: You want to buy her a lot of donuts, right?
AM: That’s right
AM: Well, everytime I pass by a Mister Donuts, I think about it
AM: Ah, if only I had my girlfriend here
AI: I also want to go eat at a Mister Donuts
AM: Ah, you want to go eat, right?
AI: What did you bring me as a gift?
AM: Wah… I'm sorry, I didn't bring anything
AI: You didn’t bring it?
AM: I’m sorry!
AI: Well, well, it's fine like that...
AI: It's fine like that
AI: I see...
AI: Eeehh? In that case,.starting from now, the next time you pass by a Mister Donuts...
AM: Yes
AI: Bring it to me too, yes?
AM: Ah, of course, of course
AI: Oooh!
AM: Of course
AM: Of course, what kind of donut do you like?
AI: I’d like to try... well...
AI: For the moment, I'd like to try the traditional donuts...
AM: Ah, but unexpectedly, they are the tastiest ones
AI: Ooohhh?
AM: Good, I’ll bring it to you the next time I come here
AI: Aaaahhh!
AI: I wonder if you can bring it here
AM: Well, I’m not sure
AI: Well, let's work hard to get it, let's work hard
AM: Let's work hard
AM: But surprisingly, I also tend to watch Sailor Moon
AI: Ah!
AM: Surprisingly, well, I like the Jousei mangas, better said, the Shoujo mangas
AI: Ooohhh!
AM: Like for example, Ranma and also, well...
AI: Yes, yes
AM: The works by Takahashi Rumiko, her manga well... for example Inuyasha...
AI: Aaahh, Inuyasha!
AM: ...Or Urusei Yatsura
AI: Aaahhh!
AM: Unexpectedly, I also like that series
AM: Really I can watch whatever
AI: Ooohhhh!
AI: Well, isn’t Sailor Moon great?
AM: It's great!
AI: That’s right! I also...! Well...
AI: From the original series up to Stars...
AI: ...I already... watched it completely
AM: Aaahh! Really?
AI: Of course, which of them do you like?
AM: Well, yes, I’d say Mercury
AI: Ah! Mercury-chan!
AM: Mercury-chan is adorable, right?
AI: Mercury-chan...
AI: ...She’s very popular with the guys, right?
AM: It's true
AM: I wonder… I wonder why is that
AI: Why is that?
AM: Is it because of the blue color? (Without thinking)
AI: My favorites are...
AI: ...Chibiusa-chan and Sailor Moon
AM: Yes
AM: Ah, but Chibiusa is adorable, right?
AI: Chibusa is adorable
AM: It's true
AI: She’s adorable
AM: And on the contrary, do you tend to read Shounen manga?
AI: Ah, I read them!
AM: Eh? In that case, which do you read?
AI: Eh, well, that of Shounen Jump...?
AI: For example, Shokugeki no Souma...
AM: Oh, oh
AI: Tokyo Ghoul, right?
AM: Yes, yes, yes
AI: I’ve seen so many that I don't remember them, wait...
AM: But you tend to read the Shounen Jump magazine?
AI: Probably, well...
AI: ...I haven’t read the Shounen Jump manga, but...
AI: ...Probably, within the compilation volumes I tend to read, Shounen Jump appears there
AM: Ooohhh... I see, I see...
AM: In my case, well, of course...
AM: If I had to choose, I’d prefer the old Jump
AI: Ah! I see
AM: Of course, I like the new Jump, but...
AI: So then you like the old Jump?
AM: Yu Yu Hakusho!
AI: Aaaahhh!
AM: For example
AM: ...Or Slam Dunk
AI: Ah, I see, I see!
AM: I belong to that generation
AI: Ah!
AM: I've grown up during that generation, so then...
AM: Eh? How old are you?
AI: Well, I’m 23 years old
AI: Wah! You’re older than me
AM: Eh? How old are you, Ai-chan?
AI: I’m one year old!
AM: Ah, a year! Eh? Then I’m much more older than you!
AI: I see, but...
AI: ...Definitely since you’ve lived abroad...
AM: Yes
AI: ...Well, the old manga were being translated and sold there, right?
AM: Aaah, no, but...
AM: ...In my case of manga, well...
AM: ...I came twice to Japan...
AM: ...And well, I bought a lot of manga… in large amounts
AI: Eehh?
AI: Incredible! Eh?
AI: Can you read kanji?
AM: Ah, well, I learned Japanese by basically reading manga
AI: Eh? It's really possible to do that?
AM: So that, I practically learned it on my own
AI: Eeeehh?
AM: Well, of course, when I was in middle school, I read Slam Dunk, Dragon Ball and Yu Yu Hakusho
AM: And aside from the compilation volumes...
AM: ...Well, I had a dictionary of Japanese characters
AI: Ah, that's amazing!
AM: And then, when I saw a kanji without furigana and I wondered what its meaning was...
AM: … I brought it with me and I’d look for it in the dictionary and understood its meaning
AI: I see, Eeeehh?
AM: That way I was learning until reaching to this point
AI: Eh? In fact in the world of manga, there appears peculiar letters
AM: Yes, yes
AI: Those kind of words... for example, words that don’t show up on the dictionary
AM: Ah, it's true
AI: What did you do on those cases?
AM: Well, in that case, I had no other option than to interpret the meaning myself
AI: I see!
AM: For example, at first, the word "Tsundere"
AI: Aaaahhh!
AI: It's true! It's true!
AM: I didn't understand its meaning at all!
AI: Hmm... hmm... hmm...
AM: And I asked my mother and she also didn't understand, so then...
AI: It was to be expected
AM: And then after seeing so much anime and manga...
AM: "Ah! It definitely has this meaning"
AM: And well, the explanation arose spontaneously
AI: Eeeehhh?
AI: Incredible
AI: Eh? In that case, if I want to learn English there exists manga from other places, right?
AM: Ah, there is!
AI: Ah! I see, in that case, it’s probably a good idea to read foreign manga
AM: Ah, it's true, close to my house, there exists a Kinokuniya store (Chain of libraries from Japan)
AI: Eeeehh?
AM: That’s right, even in Australia... it already expanded a lot, but even in Australia, there’s Kinokuniya stores
AI: Eeh? Is it written in kanji?
AM: It's written in kanji
AI: Eeeh? Incredible!
AM: And inside the store, of course, you can find magazines and manga...
AM: Well, it sells Japanese magazines and manga completely translated to English
AI: Eeeehhh?
AI: Ah, in that case, just a bit ago, I appeared in the Comptiq magazine
AI: Is it possible it sells that magazine too?
AM: Ah! It probably sells it
AI: Eh? Buy one and bring it to me please!
AM: Ah, good, I’ll buy it... in that case, you want the donuts and the Comptiq magazine in English, right?
AI: That’s right! That’s right! The English version!
AM: Understood!
AI: Goood!
AI: Man...
AI: I found a wallet
AM: You treat me like an ATM, right?
AI: Ah!
AI: Really thank you so much for coming here!
AM: Many thanks to you
AI: Really, I’d like to meet you personally...
AI: ...To transmit my feelings of gratitude for presenting me with everyone around the world
AI: And not only that, we were able to talk about manga and anime together
AI: It was really, really fun!
AM: It was a lot of fun! Right?
AI: Yes!
AI: Of course...
AM: Yes?
AI: Anime Man-san, are you free after this? Do you have some time?
AM: Time, well...
AI: You have time, there's nothing you need to do right?
AM: Well, yes, I have time
AI: Well...
AI: If Anime Man-san asks me please
AM: Eh?
AI: Well, to me, it doesn't matter, but...
AI: ...I’ll accept doing another video with you
AM: You’re not good at trying to be a Tsundere
AI: Shut up!
Translated by Vortex